README.md, before:

![Drawing of a rocket launching with Pleo logo on the side](https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/255552950/c9991080-ff11-11ea-8706-5d40322f68fe)

# ¡Space·Rockets! app

### [👉 Go to the challenge 👈](./CHALLENGE.md)

### [🚀 See the app in action 🚀](https://spacerockets.netlify.app)

## Develop

> You'll need [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/) and
> [Yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/) installed

- run `yarn` to install dependencies
- run `yarn start` to start development environment

## Build

> You'll need [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/) and
> [Yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/) installed

- run `yarn` to install dependencies
- run `yarn build` to start development environment
- output is in `build` directory,
  [ready to be deployed](https://create-react-app.dev/docs/deployment/)

## Data

All data is fetched from the unofficial SpaceX API V3 at
[spacexdata.com](https://docs.spacexdata.com/?version=latest).

## Technologies

> This project was bootstrapped with
> [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app). You can
> learn more in the
> [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - UI library
- [Chakra UI](https://chakra-ui.com/) - Design system and component library,
  with [Emotion](https://emotion.sh), its peer dependency
- [SWR](https://swr.now.sh/) - Data fetching and caching library
- [React Router v6](https://github.com/ReactTraining/react-router/blob/f59ee5488bc343cf3c957b7e0cc395ef5eb572d2/docs/installation/getting-started.md) -
  routing library
- [React Feathers](https://github.com/feathericons/react-feather) - Icons
  ([Feather icons](https://feathericons.com/) wrapper for React)
- [timeago.js](https://timeago.org/) - Tiny library to display human-readable
  relative time difference

Commit message:

Readme updates (link to deploy, updates for next.js)

README.md, after:

![Drawing of a rocket launching with Pleo logo on the side](https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/255552950/c9991080-ff11-11ea-8706-5d40322f68fe)

# ¡Space·Rockets! app

### [🚀 See the app in action 🚀](https://space-rockets-challenge-lilac.vercel.app/) (Hosted @ Vercel)

## Develop

> You'll need [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/) and
> [Yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/) installed

- run `yarn` to install dependencies
- run `yarn dev` to start development environment

## Build

> You'll need [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/) and
> [Yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/) installed

- run `yarn` to install dependencies
- run `yarn build` to build
- See [next.js documentation on deployment](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) or deploy using the [Vercel](https://vercel.com/) service

## Data

All data is fetched from the unofficial SpaceX API V3 at
[spacexdata.com](https://docs.spacexdata.com/?version=latest).

## Technologies

> This project was bootstrapped with
> [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app). You can
> learn more in the
> [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - UI library
- [Chakra UI](https://chakra-ui.com/) - Design system and component library,
  with [Emotion](https://emotion.sh), its peer dependency
- [SWR](https://swr.now.sh/) - Data fetching and caching library
- [React Router v6](https://github.com/ReactTraining/react-router/blob/f59ee5488bc343cf3c957b7e0cc395ef5eb572d2/docs/installation/getting-started.md) -
  routing library
- [React Feathers](https://github.com/feathericons/react-feather) - Icons
  ([Feather icons](https://feathericons.com/) wrapper for React)
- [timeago.js](https://timeago.org/) - Tiny library to display human-readable
  relative time difference
